Document webhook html response security (#3361)
n8n-io/n8n-docs: docs/integrations/builtin/core-nodes/n8n-nodes-base.respondtowebhook.md

- **Response Headers**: Define the response headers to send.
- **Put Response in Field**: Available when you respond with **All Incoming Items** or **First Incoming Item**. Set the field name for the field containing the response data.

## How n8n secures HTML responses

If your workflow sends an HTML response to a webhook, starting from version `1.103.0`, the content is automatically wrapped in an `<iframe>`. This is a security mechanism to protect the instance users.

This has the following implications:

- Your HTML will not be rendered directly in the parent document but in a sandboxed iframe.

> - JavaScript code that accesses the top-level window or local storage will fail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- JavaScript code that attempts to access the top-level window or local storage will fail.
```
